Too refined a sign in page a bit more and basically going to do the same.
As for the sign up page here I'm injecting my loading controller here because this is what I'll need
to display does this loader make sure to imported from ionic angular.
And I'm also going to inject the alert controller to present any potential errors in an alert.
Make sure to also at this import at the top also from ionic angular we'll end with this emplace.
I could copy the code from the on Sign-Up method but to practice practices again let's simply create
a new loading controller or a new loading view here I should say Rudel loading controller with to create
Meffert.
Let's set our content off.
Now in this case signing you in because that's what we do here right signing you in.
And let's then pre-sent does loading view now in the success case here.
I simply want to dismiss this.
Again we'll work on this later to then also navigate user to a different page.
And then the Eric case I of course also want to dismiss it but I also want to show an alert.
So let's quickly initialises alert here to this alert controller create and again by passing a javascript
object setting a tidal sign in failed would be a fitting tile in my opinion and then setting a message
which we can retrieve from this aero object returned by firebase.
Last but not least ongoing to add this OK button.
And then of course we have to present the controller.
Now let's see this in action.
It shouldn't hold any big surprises though.
It should really work.
Kind of the same as on the sign up page but just to make sure that we didn't introduce some bug let's
add the correct data first like this so seems to work we don't get a console message anymore since they
removed us but we also don't get an error.
Let's now enter wrong data.
Now we get the silent failed error.
So with this we get our sign up and sign in components set up.
We get those pages working.
Now the next step is to somehow manage our authentication stage to kind of determine if we are authentic
hated or not.
And then of course we also need to split up our app into separate pieces